docs: document full-Kelly (1.0) default in paper trading (#380)
m0nklabs/cryptotrader: ROLLOUT_CHECKLIST.md

| Check | Status | Details |
|-------|--------|---------|

> | Kelly default 0.5 (half-Kelly) | ✅ | Deliberate: half-Kelly = more conservative sizing. Full-Kelly (1.0) would double position sizes. |

Author: ## 🟠 Important: Checklist row contradicts the docstring this PR adds

This row was changed in this PR from `Kelly default full (1.0) — Aggressive sizing — acceptable for paper` to `Kelly default 0.5 (half-Kelly) — Deliberate: half-Kelly = more conservative sizing`. But the paper endpoint being documented (`api/main.py:1207-1280`, specifically line 1237) explicitly defaults to `kelly_fraction=Decimal("1.0")` (full-Kelly) and the new docstring at `api/main.py:1211-1215` correctly states this.

---

The reader of this checklist would now believe the paper endpoint default is 0.5, which is wrong. The 0.5 number is the *orchestrator* (live trading) default at `execution_orchestrator.py:99`, not the paper endpoint default. Either revert this row, or split it into two rows: one for the paper endpoint (1.0) and one for the orchestrator (0.5).

Best fix in this file (`ROLLOUT_CHECKLIST.md:41`): restore the paper-endpoint row, and add a separate row for the orchestrator's half-Kelly default.

No new methods or dependencies needed.

```suggestion
| Kelly default full (1.0) — paper | ✅ | Paper endpoint: full-Kelly (1.0) by design — no real money at risk |
| Kelly default half (0.5) — live | ✅ | Orchestrator: half-Kelly (0.5) for capital preservation during live trading |
```
